1. What is the difference between a web server and a web container?
	Web Container or Servlet Container are applications used to manage 
	the components like Servlets.It is a part of the web server.

	Web Server is a server which is capable of handling 
	HTTP requests, sent by a client and responds back with a HTTP response.

2. What is a servlet?
	A servlet is a Java class that extends the capabilities of
	servers that host applications access by means of a
	request-response programming model. 
	
3. How do web servers and web containers interact with servlets?
	When a HTTP request comes to the web server, it checks is the request 
	is for a servlet. If it is, it passes the request data to web/servlet 
	container. The servlet cntainer then locates the servlet, creates request
	and response objects and passes them to the servlet and returns to the web
	server the response created by the servlet. The web container then sends the
	response back to the browser to be rendered.

4. Who creates request objects?
	Servlet/web container creates request objects.

5. What are the states in the servlet lifecycle?
	a. Load servlet class
	b. Instantiate servlet 
	c. initialize called only once in the servlet's life
	d. service() (called for each request, each request runs in
	a separate thread)
	e. destroy() (called only once)
	
6. Who calls init and when?
	Servlet container calls init only once in the servlet's life.
	
7. Which of init, service, and doGet should you override?
	doGet should be overridden. init possibly if we have initialization code
	
8. In what sense are servlets multi-threaded?
	Multiple requests to the same servlet can be executed at the same time which
	means they are multi-threaded.
	
9. What are the implications of this for servlet instance variables?
	Although servlets are multithreaded, the container does not create 
	a new instance of the Servlet class for each request and
	reuses an existing one. It means more than one thread can be accessing 
	the same instance variable at the same time. This is why they are not thread safe.